yeah yeah this reports he nasty and I
bring you another adult video NBA 2k14
mycareer bein your own bitch get up her
own button man I don't like those new
color correction settings ma'am I think
I finally got it right now cleaning in
it I only got it right but i think i'm
gonna keep bringing all this this ultra
this ultra HD the sport team for AP
stuff hope i don't like it around or
does it even matter this quality even
matter does it is it the commentary or
is it the content was it just is it all
of it the email so comes to the
conversation let me know what you prefer
in the video you prefer don't move
ah nice looking at Lee V i prefer don't
lose or or content quality or what just
leave me coming in the comment section
let me know but this game play right
here mouse and you're doing about mr.
Anderson just lit him up for the buzzer
beater there but if they is I think he's
the older one there's a couple other
guys today actually did something I
passing the ball that's why I'm doing
the ball hog right now because every
time I pass until either breaking it up
it just look this point total boom yeah
they just put up bricks man my team
sucks and I was wishing I got drafted by
my marriage but i guess it enough
impossible the 76 is there a kid took
home but the same verse isn't like i
think that the best player massage ms
jason richardson and i hardly ever get
to play with him and when i do play
leads shoots up breaks too soon it's
kinda hard Mindy got my palm for trying
to play the wing and every time I he's
that he's wide open at the three-point
line when I pass it to him I get a bad
past election which missing I think he's
out there now together tonight I am a
hitter with another don't move but no
sir that he just lying lying it was in
threes man doll they've been a time I
still the ball turtle trying to trace
her song some space in the scoreboard
the shoot threes a lot many make them
that's the Hall of Fame chisme every
game I play no matter what team man no
matter what team right now I'm paying me
off your boss and all they been doing is
she breathed it was like I think I was
like six straight threes or something
like that it's crazy man ah you get that
fast break opportunity get poked on I
don't have a lot of fun baby 2k14 I'm
loving the scenery's man I get kind of
more to college in a man a bit chisme i
right i put up with this hall of fame
cheese and that cheese and her
multiplayer call of duty but i'm loving
the game right now I'm trying to bring
you more and more of a bait 2k14 I might
be I might just say forget called me
when I can't sit at Causton I do my get
humiliated ipod bring money brains I
probably when this video is a game
elated try to get that done up for y'all
let's go don't fast out here
ma'am I was he a man I don't know I
didn't get a whole game I think I didn't
I started recording no I think I quit my
game catcher before it got through
processing so I didn't get the whole
game play we don't lose the door we're
losing the closer in which pissed me off
as we did our thing but this is what's
he nasty I left you black and I'm out
baby